round because it affects optically they look more basic and that
also
they will be so small subjects of everything everything for example we are going to use lines
horizontal in the part of the race
as well as cuts either for example the newspaper pillbox interest the subject in
this evening of aquino yes
We will not use it because it is marking a horizontal line
we protest
to which we are deceiving that it is still broader what really
we have
We will not use or in my bag
no ornaments those sophisticated for the holidays for example when we go to
some night of gala we take some dolls around here there are things we got
we will accept because otherwise we are increasing volume in these areas what
that we are going to use we are going to use enveloping bullets
the rocket tipped listed soda
of the soft ones like the case of the rigid ones like low like india with
pavers to emphasize the waist because usually this type of
figure the one of mus the redonditos also care ladies with the trousers to the
time they get them not very tight when the thighs or not those
You should not put your pants too tight otherwise you have to
use some folds Suarez do not stiffen them because that makes us so
intense and so sensibly
the care with the prints also in this case we are going to try not to
use prints
because they increase the volume both in the race and in the taste aha
then in this list of figures and it was done
let's go to the next figure that is the la the oac the round one could be
tell
this type of figure st usually this career waist the bust redondito
the waist is not defined is for people who are totally filled
clinics
here, then, we are not going to use, for example, shiny or untidy fabrics
because that also increases the volume and we also want to know
what it is and how it is being used right now because they wanted it is tuned
All that increases the volume a lot
do not use belts if we do not have a well-defined waist
In this case, what we are going to do is also lengthen the figure by
of very relaxed long jackets that do not reach the race because also
We have a hidden hip so they go from the hip down
because it is very very this of very many fabrics with a lot of fluidity
so thin that in that they are not present do not increase the volume
crime very cool three principles then this one kind of figure let's go
to deal with everything that is vertical that you leave us oryzae is going to
lengthen the figure that is our objective to take the accounts forward
But do not worry about everything, mark us and make cuts
whether with neck sande of course not used or part rooms
By the neck
and everything that goes perfectly vertical ticket pérez and if we do not want to commit
viper for the next epa - trawlers that almost did not finish the
time but we hope that in the file these figures are the
keys of thanks to that they went in atenas next week gilberto hernández
corridos villistas 20 h